# MisofoMe
It's a redesign of the MisofoMe app

The MisofoMe app is a digital platform where people with misophony can help eachother with their disorder by sharing excercises expecially made fot it. In this prototype I made a redesign for the part in the app where users can add a excersise of their own to the platform. In earlier prototypes there was not spend much time and effort on this part, while it's so important to think about how to design this part. 

The prototype is developed with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. In the first place I worked with CSS snap points for the different questions of the form, but eventually let that out and changed the structure into a page per question, because it wasn't working how I wanted it to work. I mentioned on the Issues page, where you can also see more parts of the app that are not working completely yet. Feel free to make changes to improve the application.

I made this redesign during the Summer of 2017. It is part of the eHealth project class that I followed during my third year at my Communicatio & Multimedia Design at the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences. This special project was a collaboration between the univerity and the Acadamic Medical Center in Amsterdam. The assignment was to create an application for the people who attended their misophony therapy groups.

By doing this project, everything came together; From design to developing and from research to project management, therefor I learned a lot. Something I didn't think of before I did this class is how complicated a project can be because of different stakeholders; the therapy supervisors, patients, teachers and hospital managers all had different outcome wishes for the application. While designing the app we had to keep all those wishes in mind while designing the app, making sure everyone will be satisfied in the end. It was really interesting for me. When I started developing this part of the application, I had almost never worked with JavaScript to put functions in a webpage, so I was a bit scared in the beginning to start with it. After some trile and error, I have put some dissapearing and appearing JavaScript elements in the pages, so I'm happy I set through. In the future I want to learn more about working with it. Another thing I tried out, as I mentioned before, was putting CSS snap points in the app, to make the transitions to the next questions more fluid and natural. Unfortunetly eventually this didn't work well enough on phone, so I choose to let it out. 

I created this application with a lot of interest and love and I hope it will be implemented in the future MisofoMe app. Everyone is welcome to work on it with the goal to improve the outcome of it.
